add csharp-colors project (#42)
Codesee-io/oss-port: projects/Logerfo/csharp-colors.mdx

---
name: C# Colors
repoUrl: https://github.com/Logerfo/csharp-colors
description: Visual Studio Code extension that adds colored border around C# colors in the text editor.
languages: # A list of programming languages used in this project
  - JavaScript
  - TypeScript

> tags: # A list of keywords relevant to the contributors for this project
>   - c#
>   - csharp
>   - color
>   - vscode
>   - extension

Reviewer: **suggestion:** for the sake of discoverability, I would suggest modifying the tags for your project:

```suggestion
tags: # A list of keywords relevant to the contributors for this project
  - C#
  - VS Code extension
```
